Stores reference (#453)
dojo/framework: docs/en/stores/introduction.md

# Introduction

> Dojo stores is a predictable, consistent state container with built-in support for common patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dojo stores provide a predictable, consistent state container with built-in support for common state management patterns.
```

> This package provides a centralized store designed to be the single source of truth for an application. It operates using uni-directional data flow. This means all application data follows the same lifecycle, ensuring the application logic is predictable and easy to understand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Dojo stores package provides a centralized store designed to be the single source of truth for an application. Dojo applications operate using uni-directional data flow. As a result, all application data follows the same lifecycle, ensuring the application logic is predictable and easy to understand.
```

| Feature                   | Description                                                          |
| ------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | global data store         | application state is stored globally in a single source of truth     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| global data store         | application state gets stored globally in a single source of truth     |
```

again I would somehow look to make it clear that this is global to the app and not a JS global without adding a bunch of words

| uni-directional data flow | predictable and global application state management                  |

> | type safe                 | access and modification of state is protected by interfaces          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| type safe                 | access and modification of state gets protected by interfaces          |
```
